# YotubeTrending

YouTube's Trending feature shows viewers what's trending right now. It aims to help viewers discover videos that appeal to a wide range of viewers. Sometimes these trending videos are predictable as they are songs from popular artist names and other times it can be surprising like viral videos. Videos in Trending may not be in the same language as your browser since it is not personalized and displays the same list of trending videos nationwide. The trend is related to the specific country as trending in one country is different from the other. Beside the region there are some other factors may have influence on the trending video. It is valuable to identify the possible contributing factors for making the one video be popular. There are datasets for the youtube video trending in Kaggle that are distinct by the country (USA, Great Britain, Germany, Canada, and France).

We are focusing on analysis of Data on YouTube Trending videos. Our analysis will be based on user features, such as views, comments, likes in different regions. It will be done by data preprocessing methods, exploratory data analysis and visualization. Our hope is to understand how youtube performed their initial analysis and potentially share our findings.

Based on how far the team gets with our research, we believe our analysis could also be shared and disseminated within the influencer community (on youtube platform), video creators and editors, media and advertisement industry to help provide some insight and analysis into which attributes and which combination of attributes contribute the popularity of a video.
